Version 5.4 Public Release Update (Latest):

New batch mode! Now fully working with -b command line argument. 
	(launch application in a CLI with -b as an argument)
	Alternatively, press Batch button near the bottom of program.
Better image search for SearchCards, no longer need a list of URLs. (Using solely YGOPRODeck database)
Reduced ram usage from 300+MB to about 110MB by change template image previews to smaller images, and other small optimisations. 
Fixed Add Icon button hovering not working.
Re-added login and Tester system. (Nothing to it yet other than redeeming tester status, more coming soon!)

Version 5.3.2(.2) Public Release Update:

(HOTFIX #4) Fixed left link arrow glitch.
(HOTFIX #3) Fixed glitching DEF Text, and more optimisations.
(HOTFIX #2):
Link markers look better now.
You can now click on link arrows instead of going through "Customisations".
Fixed DEF text drifting off
Fixed Link number being in the wrong place.
(HOTFIX #1) Fixed Scaling issues, and search function not working.
You no longer need to download the fonts, they will come pre-installed with the portable exe!
(BETA) Custom fonts can be added if the font files (Font0, Font1, Font2) are replaced in AYGOCM/Configs folder.
Added Link Monsters last!
To change which markers are on and off, go to the "Customisations" tab and check the boxes there.
Link monsters can be created, but can't be saved yet. Also the quality is still a work in progress, feedback is greatly appreciated.
Changed to one export button, what you see is what you get. This has improved overall efficiency.
Many other bug fixes and improvements to ensure the program runs as smoothly as possible.
Please note that other than bug fixex and other improvements, this app will no longer be a priority as I focus on to the switch to the Java Edition.


Version 5.2.1 Public Release Update:

Made the app portable, no more installers!
Added a brand new Search tool to easily search for cards from the Yu-Gi-Oh! Wikia.
Fixed Alternative Token Monster levels and attribute not showing up on export.
Changed custom template options.
Moved "Hide Level" and "Hide Attributes" from App Settings to Customisations tab.
Fixed ATK/DEF showing up on Token monster.
Added completely new feedback form, to make life easier for everyone.
Fixed Image Layout not doing anything on exported cards.
Removed login database, until I can find a reliable host. Sorry for the inconvenience! Don't worry your data is protected.
Removed webcam feature for card images until reworked.
Added option to use custom attributes.
Fixed card image not loading from config file.
Fixed XYZ and Dark Synchro levels not loading correctly.
Small changes on the Help Guide.


Version 5.2 Public Release Update:

Added 5 NEW Cards:
- Pendulum Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, XYZ, Dark Synchro
Changed splash screen logo.
Fixed saving and loading problems.
Added more options for custom card templates.
Fixed 4 digits showing up instead of 5 for exporting cards.
Fixed broken webpage links
Program will auto restart after installing font from prompt at startup.
Fixed loading cards.
Fixed "culture not supported" error.
Made a few changes in the bug reporter.
Fixed other minor bugs.
Fixed Infinite Symbols not showing on export.
Fixed Infinite Symbols have white background on preview.
Default, and New Export are now much more identical to the preview image.


Version 5.1 Public Release Update:

Updated the pendulum monsters.
Added changeable title colour in the settings.
Added Dark Synchro monster card.
Added ATK/DEF token monster.
Added custom normal monster.
Fixed JPEG exporting issue.
Fixed exiting issue for some users.
You can now have up to 5 digit ATK/DEF.
You can now import images directly from your webcam.
Card Gallery loads much quicker now.
New User Accounts

Version 5.0.4(.4) Public Release Update:

Fixed exported cards having missing file formats.
Fixed loading card error, to make more sense.
-----------------------------------
Fixed "Error 004" from occuring.
-----------------------------------
Attempted to fix New Exporting not working for some users.
Added automatic bug reporter for when errors occur (you get the option to send reports)
-----------------------------------
NEW JAVA EDITION 
Added "Reset Card" button. 
Added update checking preferences. 
Made dark theme title colour white. 
Fixed ATK/DEF disappearing when image added. 
Fixed ATK/DEF showing up when exporting spell/trap cards 
Added bug reporter. 
Fixed level 10 being in the wrong position. 

Version 5.0.3(.1) Quick Update:

Fixed broken feedback/bug reporter. 
--------------------------------------
Feedback requires fillin in full forms. 
Fixed ATK/DEF showing up when exporting spell/trap cards 
Fixed ATK/DEF disappearing in the new design when selecting a card image 

Version 5.0.2 Quick Update (Recommended):

-Added bug reporter, update only if you want to.

Version 5.0.1 Quick Update :

-Fixed levels issue and other minor things

Version 5.0 Update Log:

Complete Redesign (Testers only, will be public after enough feedback)
The new design adds the following features:
Negative levels
Transparent textboxes for ATK/DEF field
Change the image layout on the card
The long awaited Pendulum Templates (BETA!)
Pendulum monsters will require you to download another font file which you can find the link to at the top or by clicking HERE
Customise window colour theme
The current design has also got some performance improvements:
Removed the laggy timer and multiple labels on the ATK/DEF boxes, and replaced them with one label for each, making it more resource friendly, and it should be better centered now too.
Removed Big Export feature as it is being reworked on. Testers will be able to use this on the new design.
Global changes:
New configuration file attribute
Made help guide downloader more intelligent
Fixed "Level 11" not being in the correct position
Feedback system (Please provide us some feedback to help us improve our application to the best it can be)
Lots of other huge code optimisations.

Version 4.1 Update Log:

*Proper exportng that should work for everyone!
(TESTERS ONLY) Bigger size card export - WIP
+Testers can now login if they have credentials
*Bug fixes
*Other general improvements, not worth mentioning.

Version 4.0 Update Log:

    +Added "Winged Dragon of Ra card border with the Egyptian Hieroglyphics"
    +Added "Seal of Orichalcos"
    +Added "Application Settings" Tab
    *You can now change export folder location. 
    *Config files have been moved to your "\Documents\AYGO\" (You may be asked to install font again, if you already have it installed, check the "Do not show again" and press cancel)
    +Added custom save/load file name and location. This allows for multiple save files.
    *Edit any configuration with the "Edit" button. Works 99% of the time!
    +Advanced options enabled with Ctrl+A
    +Re-adding 2.1 templates (WIP CANNOT BE USED YET)
    +Added Infinity Symbol (can be added by pressing the Symbols button)
    +Added WIP Console with Ctrl+O (Literally work in progress, you can only change level at the moment)
    *If you type in one or four '?'s in an ATK/DEF slot, they will be centered.

Version 3.1 Update Log:

    + Added a basic help guide, needs development.
    + Added an EXPERIMENTAL "Edit" card configuration button.
    * Windows Vista now fully supported.
    ? Windows 10 seems to be supported.

Version 3.0.1 Update Log:

    *Change the card gallery "Select Image" font, it is now more readable.
    +Added an update preview log, this way you can see what features you get when updating.
    *DIsabled the "Help Button" until development of it is finished, and so that it does not show up a random page.
    * Other small fixes...

Version 3.0 Update Log:

    * Changed textures back to the original textures.
    * Exporting or both Windows 7, 8 & 8.1 definitely works now!
    + New fonts, still need to be downloaded from the link above.
    *Improved font install dialog, you can now hide it if you have already installed the font.
    + Added level and rank 13
    + You can now export the Card backside.
    - Removed the '?' level/rank (for now).
    - Got rid of several cards.
    + Added tooltips for Cards and buttons.

    + Added new card types, such as those below:
    - The Three GOD Cards
    - Alternative Boxed Fusion and Ritual Monsters
    - Card Backside
    - Tokens
    - You can use your own card designs!

    + Once again improved news window.
    * Improved card library! You can now preview the card when it's selected.
    * Added Right-click menu to the Card Library!
    * Better Update Dialog, now fully functional.
    - Got rid of 'Hide/Show All Modifications' button.
    + Added developer mode, for developers/testers.
    * Finally got Symbols to work(developers only)
    + Added the option to "Save" and "Load" card configurations!
    - Still working on an FAQ and Help guide
    (Will start working on FAQ once I get enough questions for one)
    * Massively improved performance!

    WARNING: Make sure you:
    Don't overuse the "Save" button
    Read the help guide before contacting me
